i'm lagging i just like really bad ah
get me out of here I can't get in they
say i'm lagging like shit I can't open
the door get him
once down on top of it I'm lagging like
shit
you can't even eat properly it's so
laggy the hell is wrong with this place
kill it that's my prayer prayers 14 I
got a drink dude I'm so lucky and I
can't control what I'm attacking help I
can't even hear you you're lagging like
did went by my friend died what my
friends went what I got a pot I gotta go
eat drink what
turn auto react off come on almost got
him kick his ass he died shit oh shit oh
meili meili gig he died he died oh I
till he put it shit Oh stupid line oh I
got the drop two and I can't get it cuz
i accidentally teleported oh shit what
tell him to get the drop oh shit i'm
still lagging like hell what the hell is
wrong